docs/Code & Dev Notes/GUI.md, before:

V0.1
Rough estimate how it should look and feel
![[gui_v01.png]]

We have the game view in Blue what the Player should see
the phone on the bottom right acts as game menu for the player after pressing it will open upwards and show different apps which the player can choose from one the app on the top left acts as map when pressed it will open the map on the whole game view where the player can select different locations he wishes to travel to
the app left from the map is the evidence board a quality of life improvement for the player so he can change and combine all the things without moving to the office
other apps may include a quest log so the player has a reminder on his objective
and the inventory since we need it

V0.2
![[gui v02.png]]
Changed the Location for the "Clock" now the time is visible on the phone which has been moved more to the top to display the Time
Added two more Apps one for the Inventory as seen below and one for the Questlog (Current Objectives)

V0.3
![[gui v03.png]]
Added the dimensions for the phone size on the players screen the location of the phone is 111px from the right wall to the left and 89px in height
there could be a problem with the text box beeing covered by the Phone just in case we should make dialogue less (as in length per sentence) or see if we can move or change the size from the dialogue manager

------------------------------------------
Inventory design
![[Pasted image 20250508111004.png]]
(Refrenz picture frome Deponia 1: https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/deponia/images/6/67/Inventar.png/revision/latest?cb=20131123182509&path-prefix=de)

![[Inventory design in UI layout.png]]
Rough design when pressed on the Inventory App it should open the Inventory as shown in the referenz and pause the game while being open (same as applied when saving or loading the game)

Commit message:

Added Design to GUI file from Pierre
Added Phone design from Pierre to GUI

docs/Code & Dev Notes/GUI.md, after:

V0.1
Rough estimate how it should look and feel
![[gui_v01.png]]

We have the game view in Blue what the Player should see
the phone on the bottom right acts as game menu for the player after pressing it will open upwards and show different apps which the player can choose from one the app on the top left acts as map when pressed it will open the map on the whole game view where the player can select different locations he wishes to travel to
the app left from the map is the evidence board a quality of life improvement for the player so he can change and combine all the things without moving to the office
other apps may include a quest log so the player has a reminder on his objective
and the inventory since we need it

V0.2
![[gui v02.png]]
Changed the Location for the "Clock" now the time is visible on the phone which has been moved more to the top to display the Time
Added two more Apps one for the Inventory as seen below and one for the Questlog (Current Objectives)

V0.3
![[gui v03.png]]
Added the dimensions for the phone size on the players screen the location of the phone is 111px from the right wall to the left and 89px in height
there could be a problem with the text box beeing covered by the Phone just in case we should make dialogue less (as in length per sentence) or see if we can move or change the size from the dialogue manager

![[phonedesign.png]]
This is the design provided by Pierre (<-- Important!!! he made it) you can see all the apps we need we got the map board inventory and questlog next step would be to implement the UI and change the placeholder images with the new design frome Pierre

------------------------------------------
Inventory design
![[Pasted image 20250508111004.png]]
(Refrenz picture frome Deponia 1: https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/deponia/images/6/67/Inventar.png/revision/latest?cb=20131123182509&path-prefix=de)

![[Inventory design in UI layout.png]]
Rough design when pressed on the Inventory App it should open the Inventory as shown in the referenz and pause the game while being open (same as applied when saving or loading the game)
